W-20018194 Agent-Fabric: Clarify A2A prereq (#522)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-get-started.adoc

{sp} +
Anypoint Design Center: Design Center Developer permission

| Add Exchange assets to project using Anypoint CLI 
{sp} +
{sp} +
include::anypoint-code-builder::partial$af-shared.adoc[tags="agent-support"]

> | Java 17. Since agent network binaries require Java to build the agent network, make sure you install Java 17 on your machine and set the JAVA_HOME environment variable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Java 17. Since agent network binaries require Java to build the agent network, make sure you install Java 17 on your machine and set the 'JAVA_HOME' environment variable. 
```
